It’s also a single broadcast domain
in other words if a device like A sends a broadcast
everyone in the network would receive that broadcast
and would need to process the broadcast.
When a device received a broadcast it will process it
in other words it will received it on the Network Interface Card and then
forward it to upper layers in the OSI model
so as an example the CPU or Central Processing Unit of a PC
would be interrupted when a PC receives a broadcast.
So if device A starts jabbering, in other words start sending many, many broadcast
unto the network, those broadcast would be received by  all the devices in the network
and every device would be interrupted and we have to process the broadcast.
So the CPU's of every PC will be interrupted by every broadcast sent by A
and would need to process that broadcast
if A were sending a broadcast but the traffic was only intended for B both C and D
would still have to receive that broadcast.
Process it and drop it, but the problem is their CPU's will interrupted
which may cause the PC to slowdown.
Thus, because of the issues with regards to maximum segment length
maximum host on a segment and cable breaks, 10base2 was replace with 10baseT.
10baseT uses unshielded twisted pair, it’s a very unlikely that you going to encounter
10base2 in today’s network. so 10baseT or twisted pair Ethernet
refers to the use of cable that contains insulated copper wires
twisted together in pairs with the maximum distance of 100 meters
the cable is a lot thinner and more flexible than coaxial cable
which was use in both  10base2 and 10base5 networks.
In 10baseT we tend to use unshielded twisted pair cables
shielded twisted pair cables maybe used in noisy environments
where there’s a shield around each pair of wires, plus an overall shield around the
cables to protect them against excessive electrical magnetic interference.
This maybe causes as an example where networks cables are close to electrical cables.
So additional protection is required.
But most networks tend to use unshielded twisted pair
where the cables are not shielded against interference in the same way.
Once again 10baseT means 10Mbps, base means baseband rather than broadband,
T means twisted pair with the maximum segment size of a 100 meters.
The connectors used are RJ-45 connectors as seen here and you’ve probably
connected an RJ-45 connected to your PC many times in the past.